hello friends without seeing my entretiempo
name is andré iraquí and I am here with
the htc one group from the cell phones more
expected of the year
then join me while we are
So a little tour unpacking this
mobile
so then nothing is very normal
here we are going to stop a long time
because there are better things to see
when we open we see immediately
the jewel in the crown of htc its new
cellular than with what hope to return to
make a profitable company and a
description of the existence of
advantage program that is an incentive
that has htc to adapt the
buyers and has some benefits like
50 giant google drive and that if you
Break the screen, do not delay the
screen once question will be if the
google version was going to have this and then
obviously if I'm sorry
So here is this phone right now
we go in a little bit in detail a lot
look what's in the box
stickers with cereals and other
phone things because after the
phone comes completely peeled no
have a mailing before they need
some manual side cited nothing implied
to remove them and
the guarantee
a song where part decals the
which I have two offers to the community
for brand lovers
a charger
time they generate it since before
be just a little bit extensive has its
fans and pérez million twitter
with more iva to the normal usb the usb cable and
the headphones
this year last year they were
victims of the victim mass does not have
presence but we continue after
nothing special we will end up like
dreams sounds is what comes next
cellular now let's look
above and the first thing that must be highlighted
is that if it's big it 's pretty big
for many people it's going to be too much
great is how we see the big ones come back
htc speakers is part of the reason
why the saying is so big
We will hear judgment is justified or not and
then have the cell phone in your hand
Immediate feels in my humble
opinion as the best cell phone
in manufacturing that I have had in my
life far exceeds the iPhone exceeds
the samsung offers from nokia
etcetera aluminum is very very very very
it's good before it 's very good
brushed and curve so have it
feel much better compared to the year
passed then then after itself is perhaps
in the family love
making of doing here I have
had in pressure and hands one of the
great questions we had about the
google cell version was if you go
include some of the functionalities
specials that
that has the non- ruben version that is
the normal htc version between them then
the first was if he used both
cameras that have phones that have
you have two cameras to have some things
very interesting avoids going to look if
does not achieve no and the other was some
Smart functionalities of
phone that gives me great joy
tell you whether or not they work
in its entirety compared to what
that htc offers in the version of del
normal cell phone but if enough
if the functionalities of the
phone then for example the
phone like this is quiet and not for
wake him up does not have to go here to
annoying power button pick up is
up it's hard to get to but
that counted carlos times or malfunction
it is not working well but if not well
Well then we'll look at how that works
but as they see it wakes up from a
simple way too if yes yes no what
move go of a something
it's not just seeing notification but
go to the bottom and finally if one does not
lift and put it in in landscape and
listen to the volume button of a va
to the camera then it's very interesting
and a lot of air see then that hpc yes yes
included those those functionalities in the
bread on the phone and since we're in
the camera
let's look at one of the other functionalities
what is the possibility of using both
cameras that are back here and if you can
do what happens is that one has to
to put edit
choose if photo r no no art photos
google standard
I want it only once for
show you guys then here we have
the photo and here we have how you can see
the different advantages of the camera
among them on youtube there is a focus that
is what allows us what allows
do that is precisely the reason why
which there are two cameras in the part
back and is that the phone can
detect depth called
different as we see open we are
focused here in the foreground but
if I wanted to focus on the part of
back I play it and I'm going to vote for the
backward image
it is a function not very exhausting
but it is cool and another is this
what is the 3d that allows one
move in one and when moving cell it
move an effect as well as 3d with
they were able to see the photo is
different perspectives then well if
Several of the functionalities are included
of the htc camera but for example not
you have robert that is a tool
for data to do moment diaz and
covered topics but in general in general
included several of the things that they see with
the girls is normal then nothing
this is the htc of one n 8 as as then
as I tell you, they include many of the
things that came with the version of
google and then wait for an evaluation to
depth of this cell next
weeks the dotcom entity thanks as
always to accompany us and
then after